AI article (#335)
realworlddatascience/realworlddatascience.github.io: the-pulse/posts/2026/04/28/Making_AI_Work_Review.qmd

---
title: "Book Review: *Making AI Work for Britain: From Strategies to Practice* by Alan W. Brown"
description: "Accessible and grounded in hard‑won experience, a primer for leaders who want to move beyond slogans and understand how AI transformation happens."
  
categories:
  - AI
  - Data Science
  - Machine learning
  - Collaboration
date: 04/28/2026
toc: true
image: Images/bookcover2.png

> image-alt: An image of the front cover of Making AI Work for Britain. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image-alt: An image of the front cover of 'Making AI Work for Britain. '
```
@RoyalStatisticalSociety  I think there should be quotes here.

---

> The UK has long punched above its weight in the development of artificial intelligence, providing much of the academic and conceptual groundwork for techniques that are now deployed worldwide. In [*Making AI Work for Britain*](https://londonpublishingpartnership.co.uk/books/making-ai-work-for-britain/), Alan W. Brown sets out to examine how the UK might build on that legacy and translate it into real, sustained economic and social benefit. The central question of the book is not whether the UK can lead in AI, but how it can turn proven expertise into effective practice at national scale. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The UK has long punched above its weight in the development of Artificial Intelligence, providing much of the academic and conceptual groundwork for techniques that are now deployed worldwide. In [*Making AI Work for Britain*](https://londonpublishingpartnership.co.uk/books/making-ai-work-for-britain/), Alan W. Brown sets out to examine how the UK might build on that legacy and translate it into real, sustained economic and social benefit. The central question of the book is not whether the UK can lead in AI, but how it can turn proven expertise into effective practice at national scale. 
```
